hohoho Merry Christmas from trolls
nation we're here again on the truth
trying to spread that Christmas spirit
we got Santa Claus over here we got a
Christmas tree we got kids we got candy
we got presents time to spread some
Christmas spirit
we wish you a Merry Christmas we wish
you a merry rest mu we wish a Merry
Christmas and a happy new
oh here
oh oh oh Merry Christmas to everyone
know this day hey Merry Christmas
you're late meant to be off my party hey
glad you can make it
hey looking well come down I want to
give you a present hey you don't want to
get your present
Hey look I know you didn't want it but
he wanted to give you a present
so make it this is his first Christmas
you know you got a
hey open and see what you got go on give
it all
hey we got loads of presence we got 200
presents everybody's getting a present
in London have a seat on Santa's lap you
want to see my lap hey come on sit on
his lap your suit Hey look sit on my lap
sit on his lap everybody's left you
don't come to us we'll come to you Merry
Christmas
what do you say hey thank you
he's a nice guy this guy it's just what
you wanted what is that
Christmas photo frames hey all the way
from the Moho weighing 300 pounds in the
red corner we got Santa Claus
unbelievable look it's the only set I
could get a shot on this don't blame me
hey you want to meet Santa Claus come on
you that guy over there
cheer this guys give this guy a present
I love this guy
hey this is his first Christmas you know
you got a different day come on don't
open it
I love it Christmas crackers for
everybody
hey Christmas cracker come on let's see
what we're gonna do come on come on oh
yeah there we go I like it once a
lifetime opportunity come quickly
quickly come on come on let's go
let's get a picture just with a full
year but this is the Christmas card say
Mary come on Merry Christmas okay thank
you that beautiful
take care girls what does it say why did
the cow wear a belt I don't know why did
the cow wear a belt
because the horn did not work Oh
unbelievable
oh hey Santa Claus what good Gorgan
I don't believe you you've been out last
night haven't you
no where do you work I bet you're a
dancer that's the boy advance do you
know that an office that's those bands
looks good by